ah
very good things android merz that you
it is and today I bring you an attack guys
chan chan chan very expected for the
channel and we're going to make an attack with 12
witches and 12 witches guys that the truth
is that he has cost his in elixir as
I really want to do the
attack and see how it worked
I'm pretty newbie with witches and
play it with so many, I see it very
crappy then I'm going for one thing
pretty random it's worth going with the
cauldron of spells and having prepared
four there are three ray forgiveness and one of
healing three rays to tighten a
mortar because it's going to touch me a lot
both because what I've seen a
mortar can be loaded with damage
splash all the witches hit
then yes it can burst some then
I'll be pretty pretty good and guys
but everything is to ask please
this video reventase szalai know
how many can we get as we arrive
well beyond that we know about these and
moderate me to the boys but through the
amount of whatever we're going to attack
these guys what is said as put
the comments what do you want the
next video if you want me to make a
attack only to what was an attack
only ride pigs only pecan
even that also because it is very
entertained and we will do until
here that I'm going to do the area is good
here they throw the rays to me to this mortar
from here to see if we play a lot
eggs we tighten one metamos two vale
we have this out and I think we can
throw the giants and they go
doing his job and I from while I go
to throw here the witches that go
doing your job is worth it and I'm going to throw
the good pk has the pk to go
doing a little damage and here I am going to
throw this up I'm going to go pretty
quickie to see if we can get
make a good attack since always
I make the attack because I'm left
short of time then it is a faithful as
the house but good to see what is
give now because the truth that this can
look good or you can have very bad
pint pulls me here because if I do not
let's take light years and see if not
the attack is very complicated and
we can do something very very
epic guys at the moment the troops do not get
they are diverting me a lot which is what
I was scared but could go a
little more to the center that I'm not going to
say no but good the important thing is
that go go make doing
guys like before they are doing then
better
after all spit and one of these
of
of stores I'm going to throw the skill
King I shit all over me always
Sneak the whip tie guys I'm a filazo
of the host I'm always doing
fails and let's see if the giant is
eat all the damage and here you are watching
Well, what are you doing?
that we are bursting a lot because I
already realized if the queen archer
you can get to the center quickly and
petar the crossbow is because it is what
he is touching me the eggs worth perfect
the giant is making this tank
and it seems that the magicians are bursting
this lake city warehouse looks like it's going
to be a good booty guys a honk
of the host or this what is
showing up and I hope we do not do
much the mess at the moment the witches
they are still doing some damage that
you're seeing the splash damage
is what scared me how is it being
it has not burst enough and we are going to
burst the rest of elixir let's
burst a bit this and I'm going to throw the
spell of
radio over here to see if you catch a
little 240,000 and we have thus caught a
little bit more than it was not bad at all
the boys, we have achieved the
victory we have stayed to nothing of
get two stars the truth that
it would be a little faithful this part but good
it's been a good attack guys the truth
is that we have got a good booty
they liked it and you know thank you
quite online with favorites that
remember to put in the comments if
you want me to do more attacks like this one
only with one troop for example all
rides pigs or everything gigantic that is
call the boys are your hands
no, it's not a greeting soon and see you later
very well